---
layout: post
title: Week 2

---
## Past Week
This past week of school has been pretty relaxing for the most part. Classes have not really picked up, but I was assigned my first project, Collatz. I was able to setup my developer environment, mainly Docker and Travis CI, and I hope to finish the project before it's due. Class was pretty informative as Professor Downing outlined the project on Monday/Wednesday. On Friday, he covered exception handling and and explained how Asserts were not a good way to find user errors. Among the ways to handle exception were using global variables, returning a value, and passing in arguments to functions. I continue to be engaged in Professor Downings lectures and hope to learn much more later. 

## What's in my way?
Not much is in my way at the moment as I have setup my environment (I think). I still need to get a copy of the textbook and possible a new computer before the first test as my current one probably will not cut it. 

## Next Week
Next week I hope to get started on the Collatz project (currently watching Texas football). Firstly, I plan to implement a simple solution and then moving on from there. Professor Downing mentioned planning and keeping track of the time we spend on this project. Thinking about it, I think it's a pretty good idea because in the 'real world' we always have to give estimates of projects/tasks as well. I think this little exercise could help us all in the long run in terms of giving good estimations and planning ahead. 

## TIP OF THE WEEK
Consistent Syntax. I have seen people write code in a multitude of ways. Last semester when I was working on on a project in a fairly annoying class, I noticed that the existing code was written in a certain way. Despite it being different from the style that I usually wrote in i.e. braces on a new line, I needed to follow the same pattern to maintain consistency and most importantly, readability. 
